# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---|
| April 25, 2016. | Jesper | Simon, Jesper, Felix |

## Meeting Agenda
* Jesper wants to merge to master.
* Jesper wants to discuss decoupling scene layers from addEntity.
* Simon wants to discuss circular dependencies.

## 1. Objectives (5 min).
Report progress and SDD are blocking much of the development this week.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
* **Jesper:** graphics, report disposition.
* **Simon:** Edited the RAD document.
* **Felix:** Started on SDD
* **Samuel:** Chilled in SF  8-) 

## 3. Discussion items (35 min)
* Should we merge to master?
* How do we fix the issue of circular dependency?
  * Should we assign draw-priorities?
    * Use a sorted list to draw everything in the correct order.
  * How do we fix adding new entities to a scene?
    * An interface in the entity package with add methods?
    * This gives the scene access to the entity package but not the other way around.
* Main package to Game package.
  * IGame is the issue.
* CameraManager to entities package.
* GUI.inGameMenu to Screens.GameScreen.


## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
### Outcomes
* We should merge to master.
* We will enter a draw priority per view and try to use a sorted list for this.
* We will add an interface that the scene can implement, instead of directly calling a scene from the entities.
* LibGDXGameLoopAdapter → move to main package, rename to something reasonable.
* We move the IGame interface to the Game package, resulting in only one-way dependencies.
* CameraManager should implement an interface that is in the entities package.
* GameScreen should implement an interface in the gui folder.
  * We might want to rename gui folder.

### Assignments
* **Jesper:** Prioritize web analysis in communications course.
* **Simon:** Work on draw priority, implement SDD.
* **Felix:** Move between two scenes, Player game overlay (health, level active weapon).
* **Samuel:** Combat and UC tests for those.

## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** Monday 2/5, 12:30
* **Next workshop:** Tuesday 26/4, 15:00
* **Unresolved issues:** NA
