# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---| 
| March 21, 2016. | Simon | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Decide for a game idea.
  * Type of game
  * General story concept


## 1. Objectives (5 min).
Not applicable.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
Not applicable.

## 3. Discussion items (35 min) 
* Desktop game, in 2D.
* Type of game
  * Castlevania style. Action-platformer
    * Chalmers-theme: known characters, Hubben, Gasquen.
    * Zombies plot-twist?
    * RPG-kind of elements (levels, inventory)
  * Super meat boy
    * Easy to make bad, difficult to make good.
  * Rouge Light / Binding Of Isaac
    * Skipping this, random generation of levels will be hard to get good.
  * Pseudo-3D (Fez)
    * Hard to build
    * Cozy graphics!
  * Generally: tile based, for simplicity
* **The idea we settled for**
  * Action platformer
    * RPG elements, bosses
  * Theme: Chalmers, with zombies.
    * Intro-clip: Götaplatsen, "mottagningen", Sauron uses his rectangle ring to rule them all and creates a zombie apocalypse.
  * Light switches in rooms to discover on the map?
  * View a map of the campus
  * Quest-based story around the campus.
  * Zombies.
  * Hide from cubsec.
    * Flashlights show their "area of sight"
  * Weapons
    * Spells. Plenty of references. Minecraft-pickaxe. Laser sword.
    * Your wizard-staff which also indicates your level.
  * Find items to get to new places
    * Find access-cards
    * Unlock double jump
    * Flashlight for dark areas
  * Plenty of references to popular movies and games, such as Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, etc.
    * The one rectangle to rule them all **(your goal is to get the one rectangle: `get_rect()` and stop the zombie apocalypse)**
  * Places we want to portrait
    * Hubben, Kårhuset, Gasquen, Teknologgården, Edit-huset
  * Hubben is a safe zone: checkpoint (saves)
  * Nollbricka
    * You write your character nickname on the nollbricka
  * Heartstone som tar dig till hubben
  * Achievements on the "nollbricka"
  * Spells are treated as items
  * ESC-menu with tabs: map, inventory

## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
### Outcomes
* We decided for the idea above.

### Assignments
* **All participants together:** We start looking at RAD and the use cases.

## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** mentor meeting on thursday 24/3. We want a meeting on the break, but a date will be decided later.
