# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---| 
| April 14, 2016. | Jesper | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Recap of mentor meeting

## 1. Objectives (5 min).
We need to mutually look at how to structure models and controllers, before we can continue working individually.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
* **All together:** We have created a week-by-week plan for this project. We had a mentor meeting this morning.
* **Jesper:** Made awesome inventory and player graphics.
* **Samuel:** First iteration of projectiles is done (you can shoot)
* **Simon:** Auto-load all game images and sounds. Improved camera.
* **Felix:** Work in progress on the physics.

## 3. Discussion items (35 min) 
* After the mentor meeting
	* Minor changes to the RAD need to be done.
	* Changes to a couple use cases need to be done, mainly structure related.
	* The use case diagram is not drawn the way it should be.
	* We need to re-draw the domain model graph
	* We discussed controller and model relations with the mentor.


## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 
### Outcomes
* For the next workshop:
	* We will update the RAD.
	* We will update the use cases structure.
	* We need to draw a new use case diagram
	* We need to draw a new domain model graph
	* We will discuss and refactor the entity and physics structure.

### Assignments
* **All together:** domain model today. If time allows: model/controller refactoring.
* **Jesper:** First Use Case test.

## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** Monday 18/4, 9:00
* **Next workshop:** Thursday 14/4, 14:00
* **Unresolved issues:** Abstract entity classes, Continue on in-game menu, Gravity (and collision when moving and jumping), Continue on projectile system.
