# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---| 
| March 31, 2016. | Jesper | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Determine base structure (basic UML).
* Create plenty of tasks in our Trello (project management).


## 1. Objectives (5 min).
We must decide the base structure and define some tasks to work on before we can start coding individually.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
Since the last meeting, we have written all the use cases and completed the first draft of the RAD.

We decided to wait with the SDD, since we came to the conclusion that the use cases and RAD had a higher priority. According to the course website, we are not supposed to start with the SDD until week 17.

Jesper has translated the first meetings and put them on our GitHub.

## 3. Discussion items (35 min) 
* UML on the computer compared to whiteboard?
* How to do basic class structure for abstracting LibGDX
* Which Trello tasks do we need at this point?

## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 
### Outcomes
* We decided to do the UML on the whiteboard first, for collaboration purposes. We will later re-create the UML digitally.
* We made a basic UML chart for controllers and adapters between LibGDX and GameManager.
* We decided to postpone the Trello task creation until more of the UML is done.

### Assignments
* **All participants together:** More UML, create first tasks in our Trello. Start implementing basic game classes that we determine from the UML.

## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** Tuesday 5/4 12:00, HASen
* **Next workshop:** Tuesday 5/4 13:00, 5205
* **Unresolved issues:** None.
