# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---|
| April 5, 2016. | Simon | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Workshop, tomorrow?
* JSON for storing information about entities on the scenes, items etc.
* Who does what?


## 1. Objectives (5 min).
We need to work as a group so we can get started. After that we can continue working individually.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
* We have together created a lot of trello tasks and made a good base structure.
* Jesper started working on JUnit test with a few basic implementations.
* We decided on a git workflow we intend to follow.

## 3. Discussion items (35 min)
* We want to have a workshop.
* Datastorage?
  * We want to separate game content data from the code. (Quests and enemy stats)
  * JSON and XML are possible alternatives
  * We might want to use the same format for saving progress.
* Do we need items that are non-solid?
  * The physics can be bound to the “layer” rather than the entity itself.

## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
### Outcomes
* We will have a workshop (at) tomorrow (-land).
* We will use JSON for storing data.
  * We will use the GSON library for accessing JSON files.
* We decided not to bind the physics to a layer, and to use a sub interface to the IController to indicate when a game object is solid (i.e. needs physics).

### Assignments
* **All participants together:** Continue working on the base structure.
* **Individually:** Work independently on trello tasks.


## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** 8/4
* **Next workshop:** 6/4
* **Unresolved issues:** NA
