# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---|
| April 8, 2016. | Jesper | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Jesper wants to discuss GIT workflow
* Simon wants to discuss how to do In-game menu approach
	* Mouse vs keyboard?
* Jesper wants to discuss PhysicsController approach
* Felix wants to discuss camera approach

## 1. Objectives (5 min).
Before we can start building the game content (scenes, quests, items, enemies), we have a few underlying game engine parts to build. Primarily camera, physics and combat. In-game menu is also required before we can build inventory and items.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
* **Jesper:** System for loading content / scene content (such as zombies) from JSON files.
* **Simon:** Set up the test scene. Created immutable Point class and implemented it in zombie and player.
* **Felix:** Implemented player movement and jumping.
* **Samuel:** EntityManager class for managing entities on screen

## 3. Discussion items (35 min)
* We learned the hard way that git branching didn’t work the way we thought.
* Where in the hierarchy do we want in-game menus to be placed?
* Do we want to support mouse or keyboard only? Or both, if time allows?
* Do we want factory methods that return IController vs IPhysicsController? Or do we want to always return IPhysicsController, since those can be treated as IControllers?
* Which libGDX camera methods do we need to include?

## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
### Outcomes
* We learned how to checkout other collaborators’ remote branches `git checkout -b myBranch origin/myBranch`.
* We want the in-game menu in the GameScreen level. When the in-game menu is active, we don’t run the active scene’s update method, but we do want to run the draw method so that we can draw semi-transparently on top of the paused game.
* We decided to focus on keyboard only as a start (menus including).
* We stick with returning just IPhysicsControllers for now. If it becomes a problem later, we will reconsider this.
* We think we need just the translate and update methods in the Camera. Camera Adapter will be created.


### Assignments
* **Simon:** In-game menu system
* **Samuel:** Combat
* **Felix:** Camera adapter and system
* **Jesper:**  Physics implementation (collision)


## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** Monday 11/4, 13:00
* **Next workshop:** Today after this meeting and Monday 11/4, 14:00
* **Unresolved issues:** NA
