# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---| 
| April 11, 2016. | Jesper | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Simon wants to discuss how we can use abstract classes for enemies and NPCs
* Jesper wants to discuss whether we first should focus on the “RPG game engine” (and the test scene) rather than the game content itself.
* Felix wants to discuss location of player calculations
* Simon wants to discuss work assignments.
* Jesper wants to discuss week-by-week planning (incl. set aside time to write report, SDD, update RAD)

## 1. Objectives (5 min).
Same as last meeting: we still can’t create the game content, since we must first build the underlying game components and the engine.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
* **Jesper:** Designed and implemented splash screen, implemented collision physics.
* **Simon:** Menu system is in progress. Added functions in Point Class. Added method for drawing text onto the screen. Added first NPC with example behavior. 
* **Felix:** Camera and camera movement (so that it follows the player). Implemented “delta” calculation for entity movement.
* **Samuel:**  Projectile system is in progress.

## 3. Discussion items (35 min) 
* We have some repeated code in entities, like position setters, bounding box, interaction (for NPCs), etc. Perhaps use an abstract class that entities can choose to extend from?
* Do we want to focus on game engine and game sub systems (combat, quests, inventory etc) before we do game contnet, graphics etc?
* We probably have model code in controller (such as player). We might want to move it to model?
* It’s easy to end up in a state where each team member has responsibility and knowledge of a very specific part of the game. We might want to try to “rotate” a bit so that everyone knows all areas better?
* We might want to create a week-by-week plan of what we would like to achieve?


## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 
### Outcomes
* We want to keep our entity interfaces, but we want an abstract class for things like enemy and NPC, so that we can choose to re-use. We want to consider abstract classes for models and controllers, with and without physics. We want the abstract physics class to extend the normal abstract class.
* We want to focus on the game engine and game components first – before creating game content like graphics and actual quests and dialogue.
* Yes, we want to move the model code to the model.
* Yes, we want to try to keep in mind that one should not always take tasks that are within his “comfort zone”.
* We decide to make a week-by-week plan on tomorrow’s workshop.

### Assignments
* **Jesper:** Abstract entity classes
* **Simon:** Continue on in-game menu
* **Felix:** Gravity (and collision when moving and jumping)
* **Samuel:** Continue on projectile system

## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** Thursday 14/4, 13:00
* **Next workshop:** Wednesday 13/4, 9:00
* **Unresolved issues:** ...
