# Meeting
| Date | Facilitator | Participants |
|:---|:---|:---| 
| March 29, 2016. | Jesper | Simon, Jesper, Felix, Samuel |

## Meeting Agenda
* Go through the mentor meeting from last Thursday and decide on what we need to do.


## 1. Objectives (5 min).
Not applicable.

## 2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
* No individual responsibility was assigned from the last meeting. 
* We created a libgdx project and uploaded to our GIT repository.
* We recapped the mentor meeting:
  * We need a domain model for the LV2 meeting.
  * First game prototype deadline is LV3 – with JUnit tests.
  * Meeting protocols need to be in the GIT repository. 
  * We should build the physics ourselves.
  * Model-View-Controller is a good idea.

## 3. Discussion items (35 min) 
* Meeting protocols in GIT. We decided to use Markdown formatting.
* If time allows, we want to build this for web to make it more accessible. This should, as far as we know, be pretty simple since LibGDX supports “web” as a platform.
* We have in general received plenty of feedback from the mentor, and have all agreed that it was sound advice that we intend to follow.

## 4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 
### Outcomes
* We decided to use Markdown formatting for meeting notes.

### Assignments
* **All participants together:** Domain model
* **Jesper:** Translate previous meeting notes and put on GitHub.
* **Simon:** Use Cases
* **Felix:** RAD
* **Samuel:** SDD

## 5. Wrap up
* **Next meeting:** HASen, Thursday 31/3, 10:00
* **Next workshop:** 4207, Thursday 31/3, 13:00-17:00
* **Unresolved issues:** None.
